# python

Various exercises and labs done for my PROG12583 - Programming Foundations course at Sheridan College.

### Notes

- **AI use policy**: as always, no code is generated by AI in this repository. LLMs still assist me for accessibility purposes, such as (and mainly) OCRing assignment guidelines or notes into code comments. Tryna save myself some carpal tunnel pain. I could just as easily say tesseract is doing this for me and argue it isn't ChatGPT. 

- **Lab submission guidelines / coding standards**
    - 4 spaces per tab
    - no lines over 80 char (i should be better abt this)
        - A long line must be broken after a comma, not before it.
        - A long line must be broken before an operator, and the operator should be written on the next line.
        - A long line must not be broken before an opening parenthesis of a function or method; the parenthesis must be kept on the line and break must be done at the next opportunity (or earlier).
    - inline spaced stuff (x = y vs x=y)
    - Typically a space should be left before class and method definitions, and before a comment line. Related groups of statements (including variable declarations) should be placed together and separated from other groups by spaces.
    - **submission standards**
        - follow python naming conventions
        - this header

```
# [source file name]
# Author: [your name]
# Date: [the date the program is written]
    
# Description: [brief description of program in your own words]
```# SYST10049 @ Sheridan College

yada yada

---

- [cPanel/'workspace' setup](https://www-acad.sheridanc.on.ca/~jollymor/syst10049/setup.html)
    - [cPanel login](https://cpanel.dev.fast.sheridanc.on.ca/)
- [Coding standards](https://www-acad.sheridanc.on.ca/~jollymor/syst10049/standards.html)
- [Submission standards](https://www-acad.sheridanc.on.ca/~jollymor/syst10049/submissions.html)

- `/public_html` is the **web root** (this terminology confused me but its because who cares)


? purpose of the week folders? making em for now

```
Summary of your Sheridan Credentials:
Email: login@sheridancollege.ca
UPN: login@shernet.sheridancollege.ca
User name (Login name): the first 8 characters of your email/UPN; whatever you put for "login" in the above. 
```

